WebAPI: Clean syntax from property pages, part 24 (#14729)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/window/mozpaintcount/index.md

Returns the number of times the current document has been painted to the screen in this
window.

## Value

> The `window.mozPaintCount` property value. The `window.mozPaintCount` value is a `long long`, and starts at zero when the document is first created, incrementing by one each time the document is painted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `long long` value that starts at zero when the document is first created and is incremented by one each time the document is painted.
```
